EOG In Practice: CW21 (#79)
softwaresaved/event-organisation-guide: docs/eog/eog-in-practice/cw21/feasibility-stage/fs-venue.rst

.. _cw21-fs-venue:

CW21 Venue 
=============

> Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, it was decided that CW21 would take place virtually for the second time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, it was decided that CW21 would take place virtually. CW21 followed on from CW20 which also took place virtually. 
```
